Remove makefiles from docs building (#865)
ansible/ansible-lint: docs/docsite/README.md

# Documentation source for Ansible Lint

To build the docs, run `tox -e docs`. At the end of the build, you will

> see the local location of your builded docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see the local location of your built docs.
```

> Building docs locally is not identical with CI/CD builds, so you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building docs locally may not be identical with CI/CD builds, so you
```
